[Music]
welcome to drive mr wheels
today wait throw with this jaguar xk
convertible 5004
without supercharger
delicious remotes flecked glasses
of course we have to, we have to
at home a few days ago
data than on more convertibles
suze balances where does a truck come from
small advice
and benefits super looks super
tight over a lot of attention
really nice
Yes
our beloved business location the PC
Hooftstraat known to all
this beautiful series of convertibles
place very much attention must say between
all bentley's passes
range rovers is doing it bad today
well it also stands out nicely
have them nice at home you this beautiful
passion on
we want to be on cornelis schuytstraat
the second pc or state actually gets there
well said
it's just the race rover fat
x 5 and states and well someone every you
forms stood still
no problem madam we are happy to stop
for you
well then we go by damme
along the joffers
as life is demonstrable that is people
they had a nice drink outside
and we someone who doesn't look at all
just right doesn't look left just
but do it
nice as the martha here
keep you very nice
then come the candy no more fun that
no longer really in the sun and up
on the right we get a little bit of sun
if you run a little now
all nice we will live now is some gas
to give
if you were to be because a damn fun
silent together again you I go crazy
here their currently
to say ritch parents out cozy
but anyway hour show year
so give a little gas on this car
then you can hear him really nice I 'm going this
try shooting from the behind of
and back to one
[Music]
I didn't pack it now
it pops a bit nice and humming
great sound wonderfully used